# Rock Paper Scissor, single page app## Technologies Stack- **es6** style (still some **es5** bits)- **Node**: take advantage of a few modules and of the environment.- **React**: all the views are based on React component class.- **Flux**: simplistic usage of the flow and dispatcher.- **sass/scss**: basic usage of scss.- **webpack**: quick dev/build process.## BuildTo initialise the project, run:````$ npm install$ npm install {path/to/rps-core}````The second install line is simply copying over the **rps-core** project, which was intended to be a pure library, though, since I encountered a few issue with the combination of **es6** + **npm link** + **webpack**, so this is the only way to have it installed.Obviously, in real world, the **rps-core** would be fetched from a npm repository and listed in the dependencies.To run the application, in dev mode with **webpack-dev-server**:````$ npm run dev````To build the application````$ npm run build````The output folder is called **build**.## A few notes### Project Description#### ViewsA main view is holding the 4 views/pages:##### Landing:The entry point, allow navigation to the others pages.- Quick Game launches a game with a default configuration (3 rounds of pure Rock Paper Scissor).- Custom Game redirects to the config page where a Game can be created- History redirects to the History page.- Resume, return to the the last game in play.##### Config:Allow creation of a new game.- 2 game type- a round number can be chosen.##### History:Simply displays all the games played so far.##### Game:Displays the different phase of a game- 1: start game- 2: play round- 3: show round result- 4: show button to play next round- 5: and so on until...- 6: show game completed with option to replayAlso, it displays the score of the game, the number of rounds, and a history of the past round.Additionally, an overall score board sits a the bottom of the pages (except the config one).Also, a navigation bar allows to go back to the landing page.#### Stores/ModelsThere is one store, GamesStore, that holds a collection of games. It is accessible as a singleton by the rest of the application (mainly the views).The GamesStore provides the current played game, under the form of an Observer of a GameModel. This pattern ensures integrity, though, I found it very ugly and would re-do it differently, especially since it encapsulates too many 'bad' things (like the delay before completing a round or a game);Only at this level is used the **rps-core**, the GameModel is more or less a proxy of the Match class, though, it introduces the notion of player against computer.#### Router and ActionsThose are very limited, the Router is using the AppDispatcher ('flux') like the GamesStore does.The actions would be used to wire to some back-end API, but here, they are rather straight forward.### Missing Features:- Answer Time Option: this would be nice to have, a countdown within the game and if the player does not answer within the time, then he/she looses. I did not remove the option in the Config page to remind myself of doing it, but had to give it up in the end.- BestOf/FirstTo Game Option: would help with the game never drawing. I did not do it since it also implies changing the **rps-core**.### Things that should be done absolutely:- Refactoring Views, introducing mixin for shared behaviour, and CLEANING the Game view which, slowly but steady, grew too much (it should be split in sub views and make use of more React component props).- Refactoring the **scss** as there are too much repetition as it is now. But then, the whole layout needs to be reviewed and changed in order to get proper responsive behaviour.